Long after Washington, Oregon and California have succeeded the union and joined Canada. In fact, most of those states are underwater.  There is the New Union. In a dystopian world after the sea levels have risen, nearly all the books have been burned.  

 Anya is trying to find the rebel's camp hidden within a cave. She is traveling in the woods alone and she sees George Washington's huge face, although to her it is merely another face. She must be close she thinks to herself. The map she has memorized states that 'deep in the woods where a man's face is carved from stone is where you will find us.' She dredges on. 

 She looks up seeing something clouding her vision. Is it the first snowfall of the winter? No. Its larger, lighter. She thinks she sees something brighter. She rubs her already dry eyes.  

 “Illusion,” she mutters to herself.  She decides to justify what she sees to her starvation and dehydration from the last several days. She trudges onward, but something on the ground stops her. As she bends over to reach the object, she realizes it wasn’t an illusion at all. But a torn piece of paper slightly burned on the edges. In the middle of the page is a majestic explosion of reds, blues and purples. She has never seen anything so beautiful.  

  “Fireworks” she whisper reads from the paper. She cocks her head to the side and squints her eyes from confusion. It gets shoved in her pocket with other treasures.  

 Though the dense forest surrounding her frightened her, she was intact with what she read on the turned old colorful paper and was taken by the spirit on it. She couldn’t believe what is happening. Who wrote this? She asked herself. She felt like she discovered something very important.  

 Her eyes darted around side to side at first. Then she slowly turned all the way around. She kept walking and she felt her heart expand for a moment as she smiled to herself. She had another secret. This one reminded her of when she was little and would find little bits of color and keep them in her pocket. Small pieces of colored paper, little bits of string, a purple stone. Those things were long gone now. "Focus", she reminded herself. She felt her face grow serious again.  

 As she kept walking, she noticed the forest was starting to thin. She wondered why it was. There were many reasons she could think of all swirling in her mind. "At last," she thought, "I have made it." 

 As she edged to the clearing she saw a giant cliff. Or should she call it a mountain? She was not sure what to do. She was fairly certain she was in the rebels' camp, but she was not sure where to go next. She had only heard echoes and whispers of this place. Such as "old cave", "used to be a monument", "the old humans loved it", and something like "Black Hills." There was uncertainty with what she would find, if anything. All Anya knew for certain was this was her last chance for a life of any kind. She couldn't live in the New Union. She shuddered just thinking about her old life. 

 The New Society considered the rules they had created a safety net but all she saw was a leash, a gilded cage. The effort to take away freedoms that those of the Old World had relished in. They claimed that those very freedoms had led to the rise of the seas, to the destruction of a world only a few truly have memories of. And it was these rules that Anya raged against. Anya longed to dance in starlight and visit worlds she had only dreamed of. She longed to revel in true freedom, she only hoped that the path she had chosen was the right one. 

 She had left it all behind on whims and mere rumors...not that she had much to begin with. She had a life back there, where she had once live, however little of it was actually hers, but it was a life. She had food, and shelter, and even a handful of people she could call friends. That wasn't life she thought, that wasn't really living. 

 A twig snapped behind Anya, and her heart began to race as time became more focused for her.  How could they track me?! she thought.  She had stayed off the roads where the drones fly overhead and routinely scan for wanderers such as herself.  Without hesitation Anya dashed behind a nearby tree as stealthily as she was able.  In a slow but steady movement, Anya unholstered her stun rod from her belt.  She wasn't sure if the weapon had enough battery left to disable another robot, but no human had ever successfully out run a hunter drone.  If the robot had already detected her, then fighting was her only option. 

 Anya's grip on the baton tightened as she pressed against the tree and listened for the whirring of gears.  Her legs ached from the long travel, but she knew that she couldn't afford to make any noise if she hoped to get the element of surprise on the robot.  She held her breath and closed her eyes to remove any distractions from her eyes as she strained to hear even the slightest noise behind her. 
