Long after Washington, Oregon and California have seceded the union and joined Canada. In fact, most of those states are underwater. There is the New Union, in a dystopian world, after sea levels have risen. Nearly all the books have been burned.

Anya is trying to find the rebels camp in a cave. She is traveling in the woods alone and she sees George Washington's huge face, although to her it is merely another face. She must be close she thinks to herself. The map she had memorized had said deep in the woods where a man's face is carved from stone is where you will find us. She dredges on.

She looks up seeing something clouding her vision. Is it the first snowfall of the winter? No. Its larger, lighter. She thinks she sees something brighter. She rubs her already dry eyes.

“Illusion,” she mutters to herself she decides to justify what she sees to starvation and lack of water from the last several days. She trudges onward but something on the ground stops her. As she bends over to reach she realizes it wasn’t an illusion at all. But a torn piece of paper slightly burned on the edges. In the middle of the page is a majestic explosion of reds, blues and purples. She has never seen anything so beautiful.

“Fireworks,” she whispers, reading from the paper. She cocks her head to the side and squints her eyes in confusion. She shoves it deep in her pocket alongside her other treasures.

Though the dense forest surrounding her frightens her, she was intact with what she read on the turned old colorful paper and was taken by the spirit on it. She couldn’t believe what is happening.

Who wrote this? She asked herself. She felt like she discovered something very important.

Her eyes darted around side to side at first, then she slowly turns in a steady circle. She kept walking and she felt her heart expand for a moment as she smiled to herself. She had another secret. This one reminded her of when she was little and would find little bits of color and keep them in her pocket. Small pieces of colored paper, little bits of string, a purple stone. Those things were long gone now.

"Focus," she reminds herself. She felt her face get more serious. As she kept walking, she noticed the forest was starting to thin. She wondered why that was. There were many reasons she could think of all swirling in her mind.

At last, she thought, I have made it. As she edged to the clearing she saw a giant cliff. Or should she call it a mountain? She wasn't sure. She was fairly certain she was in the rebels' camp, but she was not sure where to go next. She had only heard echoes and whispers of this place. Such as "old cave", "used to be a monument", "the old humans loved it", "Black Hills." She had never been certain of what she'd find, if anything at all. All Anya knew for certain was this was her last chance for a life of any kind. She couldn't live in the New Society. She shuddered just thinking about what that meant.
