
 Long after Washington, Oregon and California have succeeded the union and joined Canada. In fact most of those states are underwater.There is the New Union. In a dystopian world, after sea levels have risen. Nearly all the books have been burned. 

Anya is trying to find the rebels camp in a cave. She is traveling in the woods alone and she sees George Washingtons’ huge face, although to her it is merely another face. She most be close she thinks to herself. The map she had memorized had said deep in the woods where a mans face is carved from stone is where you will find us. She dredges on.

She looks up seeing something clouding her vision. Is it the first snowfall of the winter? No. Its larger, lighter. She thinks she sees something brighter. She rubs her already dry eyes. 

“Illusion” she mutters to herself she decides to justify  what she sees to starvation and lack of water from the last several days. She trenches onward but something on the ground stops her. As she bends over to reach she realizes it wasn’t an illusion at all. But a torn piece of paper slightly burned on the edges. In the middle of the page is a majestic explosion of reds, blues and purples. She has never seen anything so beautiful. 
  
“Fireworks” she whisper reads from the paper. She cocks her head to the side and squints her eyes from confusion. It gets shoved in her pocket with other treasures. 
Though the dense forest surrounding her frightened her, she was intact with what she read on the turned old colorful paper 
and was taken by the spirit on it. She couldn’t believe what is happening. Who wrote this? She asked herself. She felt like she 
discovered something very important.  
Her eyes darted around side to side at first. Then she slowly turned all the way around. She kept walking and she felt her heart 
expand for a moment as she smiled to herself. She had another secret. This one reminded her of when she was little and would find 
little bits of color and keep them in her pocket. Small pieces of colored paper, little bits of string, a purple stone. Those things
were long gone now. "Focus", she reminded herself. She felt her face get more serious. As she kept walking, she noticed the 
forest was starting to thin. She wondered why it was. There were many reasons she could think of all swirlling in her mind. At last 
she thought, I have made it. As she edged to the clearing she saw a giant cliff. Or should she call it a mountain? She was not sure
what to do. She was fairly certian she was in the rebels camp. But she was not sure where to go next. She had only heard echos and 
whispers of this place. Such as "old cave","used to be a monument","the old humans loved it",","Black Hills." There was uncertianity
with what she would find, if anything. All Anya knew for certian was this was her last chance for a life of any kind. She couldn't 
live in the New Society. She shuddered just thinking about her old life.
